Right.
So in the last section we understood what articulation points in bridges be understood.
What is their discovery time of a particular node?
When it was discovered in their dances.
Now, in this section we will understand about what is the lowest time?
What does the lowest time mean?
Right.
So it's a new term for most of us guys.
But it is a must.
It is a new dawn for most of us.
And but we need during the standard and then after understanding, will figure out how to calculate
rate, how to find it in my algorithm.
Right.
And then after that, it will understand how to use it to find out when temperatures will rise.
So.
Get ready.
And this is the most important part of our revolution.
Boynton Beach is Lewiston.
Right.
So just quickly reminding you all we have found it is every time we have a media structure of back and
address this by just giving them levels.
Right.
So.
Well, look, now let's start from Lewiston, okay.
Well, so before this, I just wanted you to discuss one thing.
You guys, there are, of course, are similar ways of finding articulation points in bridges that I
want more the approach we have already included.
If you want to find an original regulation point or not, just remove it from the graph.
There was a graph check if the number of connected component increased or not, and then the more connected
component increased, then simply there is in our relation point.
Right.
So if I were to define node all articulation points in the graph, then what I need to do is I need
to do the same for all the node eight.
What again and again, like construct a graph without a note, taking some of the connected components.
Who goes for that particular?
Algorithm like actually calculating connected components for all the different nodes.
How much complexity are we taking?
What is the complexity we are using here?
It is.
Often.
Because finding an American agreement wouldn't stick over anything but ending it off.
And we are doing this for all the notes.
Hey, we are removing a node and then checking them.
We're connecting communities and we're doing this for all the nodes in the original graph.
So what is the total complexity?
The total complexity then squared.
Okay.
So if the total complexity wasn't squared from the normal algorithm and of course, if you see this
problem to find some articulation points in bridges, of course the problem would directly say that
you have to find articulation points in bridges, but in a.
Like a.
You know -- well we're asking you to find articulation, points and bridges.
Then you should first take constraints.
If the constraints are like that, the algorithm works for and squared.
Also they constraints are really low.
Then you can use the normal approach, the very basic approach.
MARTIN From today programming context, the best approach is always just, okay, so.
Here.
What we're trying to do is we are trying to cover all the articulation points in but a decent off and
time modern squared off.
And then we are trying to actually figure out how to find those articulation points and bridges in a
graph.
Well.
So I hope you understood why we are actually doing all these things.
It just to.
Producer Dan complexity and that's that's all which is required from us in a computer programming context.
Right.
And for those who are like prepping for interviews.
Or demonstrate is a must see.
Of course you can do it in a by brute force approach, but literally some of the guys with telling the
same thing with a better approach of ending.
And he understood and understood the concept in a very lenawee.
A And the concept is also not that big, right?
So if you understood the concept in a very clean away and he's able to like.
Share his thoughts in offering time.
Only then of course he will be preferred for because he has a better than complexity.
So let's come back to the Lewis team and let's figure out what is the lowest time and how to calculate
it.
Right.
So here is the main part, guys.
What is the lowest?
It is a discovered time of a node.
ULRICH We can traverse by using at most one baggage in the current subject.
Right.
So let me put some commas here.
By using at most one package in the current subject.
What is the lowest?
I mean that if I'm on or if I'm on some particular node, I'm going in.
It's subtree.
So we have already performed a DFS three eight.
I know we have already performed a DFS.
We have already stored the discovery down to the nodes.
Well, what is the lowest time of a node if I go in it subtree?
Late in the day history.
Of course I go inside subtree, and from the subtree of it I am able to just.
Move to only one package I want to destroy.
I want to own one package.
Right.
They going through one package only ones.
Eight means if I have a package that is binding from 2 to 5, some variable and I'm just moving from
2 to 5, I'm not going submit above eight.
I'm just reversing that back as nothing, is it?
If there are lots of packages in my current subtree, that means.
The minimum one rate.
So it is the.
Minimum discovered time off an old rule which began drivers by using at most one edge in the current
arbitrary rate.
Of course, I'll be giving examples.
But first of all, you should understand what does the lowest I mean.
For example, for example, let me make a very, very simple graph.
Very simple graph.
I have this let's say one, two, three.
And right now, just for exploration purposes, we will consider that discovered time.
Is equal to the north.
Well, just what explanation purposes?
So why did they discover the name of one?
It is one where they discovered the time of doing this to read history and so on.
Well, let's connect.
This now is when I performative history.
It is like this one.
Two and three.
And then it is a.
We have a back edge.
Okay.
Well, what is what is what are the lowest ame of these nodes?
So we know what are the risk global time of these nodes.
One, two and three only.
Right?
So I'm not writing it officially.
Now, let's figure out the lowest aim of these nodes.
So what is the lowest aim of tree?
What did the lowest team of three.
It is a time of a known.
From which I can go from this arbitrary of three by using at most one package so that there are no nodes
in this ability of the tree.
But yes, trees and an ordinary arbitrary of tree from tree I can go to one.
Okay.
So I'm using at most one package and I'm going to one and the discover time of one voice one.
Right.
Because.
Is equal to the node name for now.
Well, no number on name, whatever.
What is the lowest I of three guys at this one?
Because from its subtree that is including the node itself, I'm able to go to a particular node which
is somewhere above.
Okay.
It is some variable by vibe, but where am I saying you did?
Somewhere above.
Because in the DFS three.
If a node is discovered fast, that means it has some above level.
It is some higher level.
Hey, always, guys, always remember.
It's not a it's not to remember.
It's a fact, basically, that if you're performing a DFC, then a node will be visited first and then
it's empties, then it's then the node interceptors.
So if I have a node which is an ancestor of a then then that ancestor will always be always have a lesser
discovered time.
Let me write it just in case.
An ancestor.
In the history.
Will always be discovered first.
It's very insist straight.
Now, the second the second point that I wanted to tell you was the Discover team and let's say the
AC.
Of Ancestor, whatever the Nord is, is always, always less than the Discover team of the current Nord
that we are talking about.
Hey, these are some facts of the history.
Well.
So what is the lowest aim of three guys?
One by one?
Because I can I can travel through one baggage from each subtree.
And this is a lead solution which I can go to.
Right?
So what is the discovered time off to raise?
Makeover time.
So what are the notes in the subtree of two?
What is the subtree of two?
It is two entity eight.
So from two or three, we can.
Go to which node which has the lowest time, we can go to one.
By using one package, it is basically you are going down and then you want to go up.
You want to know that how much above?
How much lowest time I can get my reversing at most one package if I have some baggage.
And how noisy pointing of a.
In from the secretary of my.
Right.
So from two and three the, the subtree of two entry from the subtree of two, we have this edge that
is this back.
It was just pointing to one.
Right.
And that earned the discovered time of one is one.
So the lowest time of two will also be one.
World's biggest reason there's a playoff to rain.
Now let's talk about one.
What is it?
What is the discovered time of when it is run?
And what was the lowest time of one?
It will be one I because from the few, if there is no back edge in this up to let's say if it was this
fracture then discover time of three was three and the lowest time of three was also three.
Hey, because as I said, as it is all already written that it is by using at most one package, at
most one, we can not even use a package right.
By using at most one package.
How much above I am able to go.
So here we can see we don't have a package.
That means if I am on two, then they discover time is true.
So the lowest time is to take one.
But.
But if I get some packages, I have to figure it out.
I have to find out that what is the lowest and for all the nodes, what is the lowest end of one, one,
two, one and three?
When in this case, the general, general example, very small one.
Let's let's make some big examples and then we'll come back to this left figure.
Right.
Let's have some different examples because I really want you to understand this topic.
Very nice.
So, buddy.
But let's make a normal, simple graph that we generally take.
So one, two, three, four.
Five six.
Seven well before an order to their discovery.
Time is equal to the known number.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Well, guys, let's perform.
Let's write the lowest rates of one.
I go to.
I go to three?
Then I come back to do I go to Fort?
I go to five?
426427.
And I have some packages that are package from 3 to 1, maximum 7 to 4.
Right.
And let me right there discover things.
So one, two, three, four, five, six and seven, so that we don't get confused them because this
is a sorry to hear.
Yeah.
Now, guys, let's start from deep here, down seven, eight, because as we have already seen, that
the lowest aim of anybody, gun Nord, will be equal to bust.
Yeah.
So we can form articles in relation to talk about it later.
But for now, let's just understand what will be the lowest time in this this particular example.
So I would strongly suggest you to pause the video and try to figure it out the lowest time yourself
first.
Then of course I'd be doing it and then you can match it.
Okay.
So we'll start from the downwards by cool.
So we are at seven right now.
What is the lowest time from seven there that can go by traversing at most one package.
From seven.
I can go to four.
Right.
What should be the lowest aim.
From seven that I can go to rate.
What is the lowest time for seven?
It is for by because I'm the subtree of seven by traversing at most one because I am able to go to four,
which is the minimum value which has the minimum discovered time.
Well, it means how much above I am able to go to basically go from six guys.
If I talk about subtree of six and how much about book and I go if I go in the secretary of State Center
was at most one because I can go to four.
Eight.
But some of you might be thinking that from seven I can go to four.
But from what?
I can go to two.
And from two, I can go to one and 218.
So.
But that's not what we are trying to discuss here.
We are just saying that I just have to traverse at most fun decades.
And when I have to traverse that because I'll stop there, I won't be able I'm not traveling above that
or after that.
I just run baggage and nothing else.
Well, from six guys, let's talk about six.
What is the minimum time?
What is the lowest time from six that I can go to?
It is.
But again, it because the lowest time from seven was four.
Now, what are the lowest down from five?
Again, it is four because from five or six I can go to seven.
And then there was one back.
I didn't go to four from four guys.
It will be for only five because you only want to reverse this package, which is from 7 to 4.
I'll come to four.
Only eight.
So the lowest time is for comfort.
Now, let's talk about three.
The lowest aim of today's one.
Lowest aim of two is one.
And for the lowest aim of one is one.
Right, guys.
Because see?
From two.
I can go to four or five, then six and seven intervals.
One back to four.
Right.
But as I said, out of all the packages available, I have to find the minimum one, the one which is
giving the minimum lowest time to me.
Okay.
So there is this package from in the subtree of two that is like two, then go to three, then go to
one.
And then there is a second package which is like 2 to 4 to 5 to 6.
Seven and then it will go back to four eight, which is giving me the minimum discovered tangos.
This Escobar time of one is one discover time of four is for a minimum is one.
I hope this part is clear.
Let me make some more examples.
Hey.
That can be like doubts of some students who.
Well, I have this and other examples.
It's like it's a very simple example, like.
Again.
One who.
The.
It's like a chain initially.
Five.
And it's a mix.
And then what we have is we have some edges like five and then edge four, four, edge four, three.
Edge 42841.
Eight.
So here.
Here we have one.
Two, three, four, five time right now making the BFC, I go to six.
Then from six guys I'll have packages.
The first package is finding two five akin packages finding the fourth.
Third one is finding the three for 2022 two and.
Last one is finding 218.
Okay.
In me.
Or.
Or what we can do is.
Okay, no problem.
Let's try to understand from this.
Figured only anything else.
What is the lowest time of six?
From six, he brought driver some baggage.
Then, of course, there are so many baggage.
Right?
So discover time is equal to.
Nord number four now so that we don't get confused or discover things are very clear.
One, two, three, four, five, seven, six, eight.
Now it's from six six.
If I start, then what is the lowest discover time I can go to better everything at most one package.
Think about it, I can go to five.
My time is in one package.
Go to forgo the three.
Go to to go to one.
Out of all the notes that I can go to, which has the minimum lowest time, which is I'm sorry, which
has the minimum discovered time right now I'm not talking about the lowest payment, but the notes.
I'm talking about the discovered time of the other note.
Right?
Which Nord has the minimum discovered?
Time was one.
We can easily see that one has the minimum discovered time of one rate.
So what is the lowest time of six days?
It is one.
Hey.
So I hope you are getting this part now that if I have many packages from some subtree.
There are lots of packages from which from which I can go, but I have to take the one which has the
minimum.
Discover time.
Well, again, for five it would be one four, four, one, three, one, two, one and four one.
Also it will be one.
But all the notes, Louis, time will be one eight because I can try with this package and go to one.
So I hope they discover time.
And the lowest time for this example is also clear.
It's a normal example of this.
Well.
Great.
Or should I make more examples?
Let's frame one more example.
Right.
Let's make it a general example.
Right now, I'm just making some random.
Example.
It's going to these.
Is there anything else to connect the dots?
Connect these.
Well, random example now it very easy, guys.
Let's start.
Let's performer do history.
Starting from one.
Well, I can start from any node.
It won't matter.
Any node.
Train, start from one.
So the discovered time of one is one.
Let's say I went to discover time is two, it's over.
And before Discover time is three, I went to seven.
Discover time is for I went to it discovered time is by now this I cannot go down.
I cannot go below a train.
I cannot go somewhere below it because there is no particular edge.
I come back to back from seven.
Then I can go to my nature.
Let's me again you which which is finding to five and discover time is six, eight, six note to be
discovered then from five.
Oh, cool.
So I think I made a bigger figure it might not fit into.
This.
Actually.
Let me read that.
But making a small figure.
Right.
So let's make a small figure one.
To.
And then we went to Ford.
Then we went to seven.
We went to eight.
So it is discover times are one, two, three, four, five.
From eight I come back to seven, I go to fight and forming a DFC.
Here it is a six note to be visited.
Then this when I from seven I go to five right now from five I can go to fort great.
But this will be a package because four is already visited the from file I help I have a bit gets to
four.
And four from five.
I have a big issue to.
So I've just made both the packages now from five, I can go to six.
It is the seventh node to be discovered.
Then from six I can go to three the eighth nor to be discovered.
Right.
And then from three, I cannot go to one because it's a package.
So let me, like, make this as a package.
Great.
Well.
So from three I went to one, which was a package.
And, uh, how many notes Ami notes I have, I have to relate notes.
And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven are the edges 1 to 3 packages.
So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eight.
So fine.
We have three packages in this case.
Now let's find the lowest time.
As I said, guys, I'll be using a little bit of dynamic programming.
Whose records in relation?
I'll be telling you in a while.
For now, I just want to clear out what is the lowest value for every note.
For any note, we'll start from down.
There's hardly any programming bugs that that.
So if I were to get a grid, some function, I need to calculate the values of some of the functions.
Eight.
Just give me a second.
Well, I'm back and.
Yeah, so we were here.
Let's find the lowest time.
Put all the notes before the node number three, which was we discovered that time equates to eight.
What is the lowest discovery time, which I can go to by traveling to the package?
It is one.
Eight from six.
Ordered subtree I can go to again one because I can go to three and then to over the back as to one
from five.
I can.
Go to do my traveling, do everything, this package, but I can also go to one.
So the minimum is one.
Now, let's talk about.
So let's talk about seven or.
Before that, let's talk about it.
So whenever I want to figure out some Louis name for some particular note, I'll figure out the lowest
I for it.
Subtree first.
Well.
But what about eight guys?
Novak, Hedges, Louis time is equal to their discovered time or seven.
It will be one, four, four, one, four, two, one and four one.
It will be one.
It goes.
So I hope the lowest time is clear for this example also.
But now just let's let's have a normal discussion.
What is the lowest?
I mean, that if.
It's a general not giving you an example of the general visualization.
So I started from some note I came down.
I there was some part I was some difference up trees came down to a particular node, let's call it
current.
Well.
So I came down to walk around the node and.
I went down, I calculated the lowest time.
Now I want to figure out that if I go in the subtree of Current or from current, how much?
Above.
Can I go?
Eight.
I hope you're getting this point.
How much above can I go?
How much?
Above in this.
I can go in there to fishery.
What is the minimum?
Lowest time I can go to you guys.
What does this mean?
Try to visualize or know if I'm on a current or.
And cool.
Let's discuss in the next video.
This has already been big enough.
And yeah.
So.
I hope you can find out, Louis time yourself by just making some graphs, performing the history and
figuring out the Louis time rate.
It should not be a big issue like on pen and paper and how to use it in algorithm, how to code it,
how to apply the new programming to it.
I'll be telling you in the next video.
We'll source in the next video.
Guys, thank you.